# PEE5 - Terms of Service

Date of latest revision: April 16th, 2023

**Please read these Terms of Service before using any of the features**

## What the User should know at a glance

### Purpose

The purpose of these terms of use (the “**terms**”) is to define the terms and conditions of use
applicable to the users (a “**user**”, “**you**” or “**your**”), when using our software
application (bot) running automated tasks over Discord (the “**Bot**” or the “**PEE5 Software**”),
including the Application Program Interfaces (API) (the “**Platform**” or the “**Website**”) and 
related features offered from time to time on the Platform, including through the License (the “**features**”).

### Acceptence of Terms - Change of Terms

Before using any of the features, you must agree to these Terms. By accessing or using any of the features
you expressly confirm that you fully and irrevocably agree to these Terms.

You also agree that personal data through usage of the features will be processed according to our
[privacy policy](https://github.com/obvMellow/PEE5/blob/master/Privacy-Policy.md).

We reserve the right to modify or replace the Terms at any time. The most current version will be available
in the repository that the source code is hosted at the time of the change. We will notify our users in the
case of any change to theseterms. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.

You will be deemed to have accepted all modifications and revisions of the Terms by continuing to use all 
or part of the features and/or the Platform.

### Provisions of Access to Features

#### Provider

The License and access to PEE5 Software is granted by Deniz Demir, the developer and creator of PEE5 Software ("**PEE5**", the "**Owner**", **we**, **us**, **our**, **me**, **my**).
PEE5 is not acting as an agent or service provider of the [**Discord Platform**](https://discord.com/) and/or its owner(s) or representative(s).

#### User’s eligibility

You hereby represent and warrant that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms,
conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms and
to abide by and comply with these Terms.
You also represent and warrant that you are legally authorized in your jurisdiction to use the
Features and to interact with the features in any way. Finally, you represent and warrant that you
are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws in your jurisdiction, and release Mee6
from any liability in this regard.

#### Features

User has access to the Features described on the Platform, in the form and according to the
technical means and functionalities that PEE5 deems most appropriate.

We are not responsible for any result of the following features:
- /ask_gpt command
- /imagine command
- /chat command and any conversation according to this command
- DM conversations that are generated by OpenAI Chat Completion and not explicitly sent by us

The result of these features are generated by [OpenAI](https://openai.com) and their [Terms of Use](https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use) apply
for any use of these features.

We are responsible for any other feature that PEE5 offers.
